Tore/chore/2748/backup cli improvements (#128)
zama-ai/kms: docs/guides/core_client.md

Below we sketch how to setup each of these modes:

### Import/export based
#### Setup
To setup this approach (without AWS KMS) the minimum configuration may be as follows (where the local file system is used as storage):
```{toml}
[backup_vault.storage.file]
path = "./backup_vault"
```
where `./backup_vault` is the path to the where the unencrypted backup will be stored. 
Any other type of storage can also be used, such as `s3`.

To use this with AWS KMS then a keychain must also be set as follows:
```{toml}
[backup_vault.keychain.aws_kms]
root_key_id="<AWS key id>"
root_key_spec="<Key type>"
```
Where `<AWS key id>` must be replaced by the key ID from AWS KMS and `<Key type>` must be replaced by either `symm` or `asymm` depending on whether the key is symmetric or asymmetric. Of these, a setup with an `asymm` key is strongly encouraged.

For example:
```{toml}
[backup_vault.storage.s3]
bucket = "zama_kms_backup_keys"
[backup_vault.keychain.aws_kms]
root_key_id = "zama_kms_backup_root_key"
root_key_spec = "asymm"
```

#### Recovery
To recover a backup the following command can be used:
```{bash}

> $ cargo run -- -f <path-to-toml-config-file> backup-restore

Author: I believe that we need to consider it production code at least for the backup and import/export flow. Otherwise there is no way to carry out backup recovery or import/export. We are NOT implementing the backup flow on the gateway (since it is something we never hope to have to execute, so no need to make it user friendly).

Furthermore infra is using the core client and lot and will give it to operators, so i think we have to consider production code now

> $ cargo run -- -f <path-to-toml-config-file> backup-restore

Author: Yes, absolutely! I am parsing through the core client in another PR now. But consolidating this with the core is a huge undertaking which we will have to postpone. But it is definitely something we should consider for the refactoring discussion in Barcelona!

  See [pitfalls](#pitfalls) below for details.
  Furthermore, observe that this will remove the decryption key from RAM. Hence the call can only be executed once. If a need arise to execute the call again then the `custodian-backup-recovery` call must be repeated. Also note that the old context should be considered burned after a restoring event and hence a new custodian context must be setup as described in step 1. 

  Consider the follow example as a concrete call:
  ```{bash}
  $ cargo run -- -f config/client_local_threshold.toml backup-restore
  ```

### Pitfalls
One subtle problem remain in restoring, regardless of using the import/export approach of the custodian approach; the fact that a KMS server cannot boot without the existence of a signing key in the private storage. Furthermore, until contexts are fully implemented, it is the case that all signing keys will have the static name `60b7070add74be3827160aa635fb255eeeeb88586c4debf7ab1134ddceb4beee`. 
Hence to allow booting the KMS server for restoring, it is recommended to use the KMS key generation tool to generate a temporary signing key s.t. the KMS server will boot. 

> After the KMS server has booted the signing key should manually be removed from from the private file system such that the true signing key, which is backed up, can be restored. 

Reviewer: is this still an issue?

the custodians will signcrypt the encrypted shares to the new kms operators.

for this it needs the public key of the new operators, the "address" of the new operators and its own signing key of course. this "address" should be public already.

maybe we need to check how verification works because right now we need this type `SigncryptionKeyPair` to verify 

```rust
pub struct SigncryptionKeyPair<C: KemCore> {
    pub sk: SigncryptionPrivKey<C>,
    pub pk: SigncryptionPubKey<C>,
}
pub struct SigncryptionPrivKey<C: KemCore> {
    pub signing_key: Option<PrivateSigKey>,
    pub decryption_key: PrivateEncKey<C>,
}
pub struct SigncryptionPubKey<C: KemCore> {
    pub client_address: alloy_primitives::Address,
    pub enc_key: PublicEncKey<C>,
}
```

but if the `signing_key` is used then there might be a chicken/egg problem. but from what I can see so far, it's not used.

Author: The issue is purely the fact that the KMS cannot boot without a single signing key currently. I was thinking about changing the logic, but I believe we prefer to have a fail fast approach.
The situation where we want to restore from a backup is highly unusual so I thought it was better to require more manual steps here, than removing the sanity check of signing key existance

Author: One more thing; there is no notion of a "new set of operators" at this point. We are assuming we are restoring to the existing operator and then we can do a change afterwards. Thus there is no new public verification key at this point, beyond what is needed to make the server boot

Reviewer 2: I think we should be more explicit and add a CLI flag that skips the check for the key.
In case we want to recover, we would set the flag and could start without an existing key.

Author: @dd23 does it really make sense to add custom code to simplify the recovery flow when it is something we never expect to actually execute? 
In particular since the check will be revisited once we do contexts and rewritten when we implement contexts.

Reviewer: in summary, I think this pitfall is not actually a pitfall at the moment, should we remove it?

Author: I would prefer to keep it until the contexts are updated, because right now it is a pitfall since the server won't boot with empty private storage

 __NOTE__: If the ciphertext is provided by file, then only the optional arguments `-b`/`--batch-size <BATCH_SIZE>` and `-n`/`--num-requests <NUM_REQUESTS>` are supported.

### Custodian context

In order to be able to do custodian based backup and recovery, the KMS nodes need to know the public keys of the custodians which will be able to help it recover. This is handled through custodian contexts. 

> For custodian based backup we currently only support a single active custodian context. This there will only exist one set of custodians under which a backup can be constructed. Whenever a new custodian context is made, this will replace the old context as the current backup method. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For custodian based backup we currently only support a single active custodian context. This means there will only exist one set of custodians under which a backup can be constructed. Whenever a new custodian context is made, this will replace the old context as the current backup method. 
```

Note however that this does not remove the old backups (for safety reasons). Hence the backups _must_ be manually deleted once it has been validated that the new context works as intended. 
Below we sketch how to use the core client to create a new custodian context:
```{bash}
$ cargo run -- -f <path-to-toml-config-file> new-custodian-context -t <custodian corruption threshold> -m <dir to setup from custodian 1> -m <dir to setup from custodian 2> ...
```
The parameter `-t` specifies the corruption tolerance of the custodians. It must be less than half of the total set of custodians. The total set is inferred by the `-m` list, which expresses the paths to the setup messages of each of the custodians, sorted by their IDs in monotonically increasing order. _Note_ that the setup messages MUST have communicated securely as these contain setup information that will cryptographically authenticate the custodians later on.

> See [here](./backup.md#custodian-setup) for details. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [the custodian setup section](./backup.md#custodian-setup) for details. 
```
